To Whom It May Concern:
I am responding to the possible opportunity of joining your company’s team. I am very interested in working as a software programmer. This would be a great opportunity to place my skills and knowledge to improve your company. 
As I continue working on my programming languages I see the opportunity in working for your company as way to not only improve my skills but to also mix ideas and practices in programming. With my flexible schedule I can start fairly quickly.
I have graduated with a Bachelor degree for Computer science and a minor in mathematics. I have worked on many projects during the course of my studies both in and out of school. I’ve worked with groups ranging from 
4 to 20 team members and have always made communication with team members’ clear, concise, and unambiguous. Most important thing when I have worked with groups has been communication as in keeping each other updated and making sure everyone 
is on the same page. My linkedIn profile shows examples of projects that I have worked on as well as been apart of. I have always been open and eager to learning new programming languages and to new practices that will only help me 
improve to create a better end product. While I enjoy implementing my skills to projects, I also enjoy working with other teammates to share and build upon ideas to create the best and most efficient solution for any project.
Having studied a variety of languages such as Java, php, Mysql, html, and css I am open to adding more programming languages to my belt as I’ve always been excited when it comes to learning these technologies. 
I am very eager to work for your company and given the chance to show how much I will be able to contribute to the improvement of your company’s software capabilities. What I enjoy the most in programming is implementing algorithms to streamline projects and solve problems with testing/debugging. I am looking forward to hearing from you and I appreciate you taking the time to read my application.
Sincerely,
Michael Mejia